Now here we need some g panel component.
We will take the component.
Scratch bracket limited scope one and.
Right the component
practically limit to.
Number one, we need a string.
Random image.
Here are Chili Bowl beat Liverpool three on Liverpool's.
Stream a 2D animate as images ponder and simply write the new.
Trying.
Simply the square bracket.
So.
Com these.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
And there are the six who put the six here and.
Into another one we will write that to.
Okay.
From the first look at the sun sets and these rules are so science this 6 to 8 component and this is
done not this.
We have to go we have to create another ArrayList here.
So we need an added list of string, some string and write list equal to
new ArrayList.
Add
parentheses don't.
Here we have our edit list and we need one thing more.
Here we have to create random random equal to new.
I know on the air the Sunnis don't know what we have to do.
You know, we will go.
Look, we have set our borders here.
Not only have to do one more thing, which is we have to add labels.
So no names.
Abel So we will write labels equal to new chain label.
Julie.
Ari.
And here, do nothing on clothes, Claire.
Hmm.
Do not close, Claire.
Right.
And.
Do we need to write?
I think we need a balance as it girly bracket.
And under this you need another curly bracket here.
And then this we will right?
Firstly see this.
These labels are named as here.
This label is name as G, label one underscore two and similar to that good score to underscore, to
underscore, to underscore, to find the score two and five, six underscore two.
So this is the second row.
This one is the first row here.
So these g labels are named as Jellyroll one underscore one, two underscore one, three underscore
one and the four underscore one, five and Driscoll one 600.
So I already mean these labels.
So now we need this name.
So here we will write.
We will try to.
Any one, one, one comma.
G LeBron, you need one one.
This one.
And after this comma, curly bracket, open close label.
And here we need.
Two one.
Como
Chile, Boone?
The and chili bowl.
And here we need to underscore to.
Coma.
P.
Look, you need another name as Chili Boone.
Three.
Cuomo Three new schools, one and another one.
July three new do to another curly bracket here and this we will write g label for new score one comma
j label for a new school to.
Goma.
This, Julie.
I scored one chili bowl.
I went to school to go.
McCurley Brackett opened back close
to 600 schools.
One former Juniper six underscore two.
Don't.
You put the semicolon.
Hockey.